Share context about semgrep usage and hosted services (#2105)
semgrep/semgrep: README.md

Semgrep runs offline, on uncompiled code.

> Semgrep is used in production everywhere from one-person startups to multi-billion dollar companies; it is the engine inside tools like [NodeJsScan](https://semgrep.dev/p/nodejsscan). Semgrep is developed and commercially supported by [r2c, a static analysis company](https://r2c.dev). r2c provides both a free hosted service, [Semgrep Community](https://semgrep.dev) which lets organizations write and share rules, and manage Semgrep in CI across many projects as well as a paid, hosted enterprise version named [Semgrep Team](https://r2c.dev/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep is used in production everywhere from one-person startups to multi-billion dollar companies; it is the engine inside tools like [NodeJsScan](https://semgrep.dev/p/nodejsscan). Semgrep is developed and commercially supported by [r2c, a software security company](https://r2c.dev). r2c’s free hosted service, [Semgrep Community](https://semgrep.dev), lets organizations write and share rules, and manage Semgrep in CI across many projects. r2c also offers a paid hosted tier for enterprises, [Semgrep Team](https://r2c.dev/pricing).
```
